Headlines went around the world about a week ago regarding a newly discovered 30
ton black granite sarcophagus,
the largest ever found in the ancient city of Alexandria, Egypt. Not only that,
but it is sealed shut with thick mortar,
indicating that it has never been open since its burial avoiding grave robbers
for thousands of years is actually a very rare find. Now,
everyone is wondering who or what will they find inside of it.
And in this video,
I'm going to be discussing some really interesting details about this newly
discovered stone box details that were somehow left out of the hundreds of news
articles from around the world on this topic and the implications of these
details, leave us with serious questions that scientists,
archeologists and historians all need to address.
But perhaps more significant is that it was just announced today, July 18th,
that they will be opening this stone box in just two days from today,
quote Egypt's ministry of antiquities has finally decided to open a mysterious
sarcophagus uncovered in Alexandria within the next two days,
according to the head of ministry of antiquities project sector,
it went on to say that they will use thick pipes to raise the sarcophagus lid
until they can see what's inside of it. Once something is found,
a specialized restoration team will immediately take over transferring the
contents into an Alexandria museum storage to quickly start restoration
procedures, quote, if nothing is found inside the sarcophagus.
And we do not find any inscriptions on the Coffin's body,
we will keep it in place until it can be lifted later. So first of all,
everybody needs to demand that the opening of this sarcophagus is done on live
TV or even better yet live streaming on the internet.
They could even do it right here on YouTube and for free make no mistake.
Everyone from around the world has a right to be part of this exciting discovery
involving our ancient past,
but not only that with the numerous examples of corruption and theft involving
Egyptian antiquities in the past full transparency on this is a must.
And I'll be discussing more details about that later in this video. First,
let me share some really interesting aspects about this sarcophagus and the
things that they did not tell you about in the news articles,
including where this black granite originates from which you may find a bit
fascinating. First of all, it's more than 30 metric tons.
And to clarify the difference between a us ton and a metric ton,
because not everybody knows a metric ton is 1000 kilograms and a us ton is
2000 pounds. In other words,
this coffin is estimated to be no less than 66,000
pounds. In fact,
the lit itself is 15 tons and although it is not the largest SAR fagus
ever found,
it is the largest discovered within Alexandria measuring nearly nine feet long,
five and a half feet wide and a staggering six feet tall.
And that equates to 2.7 meters long,
1.5 by 1.8 meters in height.
One thing that is significant besides its size and weight is that it's made of
black granite stone and the closest place where black granite can be found in
the region is either in Aswan, Egypt, which is about 140 miles away,
or 223 kilometers or the mountainous region of Eastern Egypt known
as Sinai,
which is 366 miles or 589 kilometers away.
And just look at the map.
The further distance to Sinai is not as the Crow flies,
but with the distance of the windy roads that go up and down the Sinai
mountains,
which of course begs the question of how they could have and why would they
transport 66,000 pounds of stone up and down mountains?
Obviously the technique suggested by Egyptologists of sliding on wooden sleds or
rolling on tree logs, isn't going to work from this site.
So it's far more likely that it would've come from Awan, which is about,
like I said, 140 miles a away,
but they could utilize barges on the Nile river as by archeologists. But,
and although that's feasible and I don't doubt this method,
I would still like to see them actually demonstrate them load and unload these
two 15 ton pieces of this box onto a boat,
and then unload it all while dealing with the issues of balance and
counterweights. I mean,
this is a theorized method and not necessarily what the ancient Egyptians
actually used,
but that aside what is more interesting is where they found the sarcophagus.
It was discovered by accident during construction of a new building within the
city of Alexandria. And keep in mind that this city is densely populated.
This only further validates that much of the remnants of ancient Egypt is
literally under the streets and houses that exist today.
This is something that I've discussed before and take the example of the massive
statue discovered in March of 2017,
found in the middle of chiro and who knows what else is hidden and buried in the
immediate area around that discovery?
Another good example is the 2017, again,
discovery of a 130,000 year old set of Mastodon bones
that have evidence of human tooling and cut marks,
which proves that ancient humans were in America.
Well over 100,000 years before ever thought possible by academics.
And the implications of this are enormous as it debunks,
what scientists thought they knew about the human mind process.
Now I've discussed that in other videos,
but the reason why I'm bringing it up again is because this discovery happened
by accident while doing construction on a freeway in San Diego, California.
And so when you look at the vastness of the modern city of Giza, as an example,
we can only imagine what lay hidden just meters underneath that city,
but you reemphasize my point.
All of these recent discoveries were found by accident.
So just imagine what we'd find if we actually went looking underneath the modern
infrastructure around ancient sites from around the world.
So going back to the black sarcophagus discovery, and, and that reminds me,
and this, this isn't to sound like a smart or anything, but they are of course,
using heavy machinery to lift this 30 ton stone box out of the 16
and a half foot deep or five meters deep hole where it was found. And it,
it's kind of funny how Egyptologists never actually demonstrate the theorized
lifting techniques the ancients could have used.
And I'm not even suggesting that I doubt these techniques. In fact,
I would bet money that they did use pulleys,
but I feel obligated to point out that most people that teach this and write
about it in textbooks,
actually sit behind desks for a living and never actually try out any of these
theories with their own hands. I mean,
it must be met that these scientists cannot even explain how the ancients
actually cut this granite box with such precision. I mean,
look at the angles on this. And obviously this thing has damage and erosion.
So it will be fascinating to see what the inside stone work looks like once they
open it up,
particularly how level it is and the detailed precision of the angles,
the very of this stone box, particularly the lid is incredibly similar.
Although about two thirds smaller, the size of that,
of the 100 ton stone boxes at the Sierra of Sakara located there,
uh, Memphis, Egypt,
and even Zahi Hawa the disgraced form of minister of
antiquities of Egypt. And in my opinion,
a huge example of why they newly discovered sarcophagus lid should be
opened on live TV is so important, but even this guy admitted on live TV,
that they have no idea how the dynastic Egyptians could have done these and mind
you that they are machined down to two, 10 thousands of an inch.
And the corners are so precise that we can can't do this today without using
routers and diamond bit drills controlled by computers. So,
although these are much larger, in fact, there are 27 of them, by the way.
And some measure as large as 14 feet, high,
10 feet wide and 15 feet long,
and others are smaller and weigh 70 tons.
But regardless these pictures never them justice for just how massive they
really are.
But it's interesting that the shape of the lid is virtually the same with the
three cut angles when you can pair.
But the significance of the comparison is ultimately related to the fact that
this is black granite and bronze tooling that the dynastic Egyptians
had could not have cut through this type of stone with were near this level of
precision. These methods have indeed been tested and they failed miserably.
They can only cut at a rate of a couple millimeters an hour, literally,
and the saws wear out almost immediately. There's no comparison of precision.
And besides that, no saws,
none of this size have ever been found or even depicted in hieroglyphs
left by the ancient Egyptians,
explain how a saw of this size less than a two foot blade. And,
and nevermind the fact that it's made of bronze.
How is this thing going to cut through a stone that is five and a half feet
wide?
The saw you're looking at now is the best and largest found from ancient Egypt.
And the depictions of this saw are detailed by the Egyptians and can be seen
only being used to cut wood. Actually,
it's ridiculous to suggest that bronze would've been used to cut through granite
and it's ridiculous for scientists to sketch up images of massive bronze saws,
which there's no evidence to suggest that they even existed in the first place.
And again, when they made one and tested it anyways, it failed yet,
they still teach these methods in school today.
You see it's important to understand this because it's called science <laugh>
and it's actually being ignored by academics that teach us about our ancient
past. If you followed my other videos,
you've heard me discuss numerous lines of evidence about how ancient humans were
far older and advanced than we were ever taught in school. So in other words,
in advanced civilization, not necessarily as advanced as we are today,
but advanced enough to do things that we can't wrap our minds around in at least
involving this ancient stonework.
Something happened to them about 12 to 13,000 years ago during the younger dries
cataclysmic event, which they don't don't teach that in school either.
And basically over the last 13,000 years,
the sands of time have eroded and erased pretty much everything other than
megalithic stone work.
So when I see this box and the 2000 year old narrative within every single news
article on the topic, it feels like a foolish rush to judgment.
The only reason why they came to this 2000 year old theory was because of this
deteriorated alabaster head found not far from this granite box and
this alabaster head is clearly Greco Roman.
So the timeframe would coincide with Alexander, the great being in Alexandria.
So perhaps yeah,
maybe some nobleman living there at that time is buried in this box. I mean,
really it would not support me of some rich prick.
Roman took this box for himself to be buried in and that's who we find inside.
And of course the Romans were there and set up shop in Alexandria.
So of course it would make sense to find some notable burials in that area.
But that doesn't mean that this box was created at that time.
What I do know is if they don't open this sealed circle, fagus on live video,
conspiracy theories will likely be formed by people who are aware of the various
cover ups of the past involving the ancient Egyptians and modern antiquities
make no mistake.
And I'm not suggesting that anyone involved in this discovery would do anything
to cover up or mislead anyone or anything. But with that said,
there is reason to not have full transparency and public involvement in this
discovery. I mean, there's really no acceptable reason to do this off camera.
Is there, I mean, because of technology,
the whole world can pretty much watch this live.
So there's really no reason to not do that unless there's something I'm missing
here. Right.
Just think about how exciting and what an incredible event it would for people
from around the world to be able to tune in and watch this on TV.
Or like I said, even on YouTube,
because then they wouldn't even have to plan around network schedules or
anything. They could do it for free on YouTube. In fact, they could,
they could make money doing it and they could use that money for future
excavations. And on.
Top of all that this is a huge PR opportunity for Egyptian antiquities,
which are eager to develop and grow Egyptians tourism within ancient sites in
the country in general. So with all this said,
it will be very exciting to see over the next couple days when they finally do
open this and what we find inside well, that is unless they don't video it,
they wait days and weeks into the future before finally sharing with the public,
what they found, which is something they've done numerous times in the past.
Anyways, guys, I'm gonna leave it at that,
but leave a comment and let me know what your thoughts are on all of this and
hit the like button and subscribe. But I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
Take care of everybody.